Switch: add getting started tutorial (#4446)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Switch/00 Getting Started with Switch/00 Getting Started with Switch.md

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

> The Switch component allows users to switch between two states: ON (the value is `true`) and OFF (the value is `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Switch component allows users to switch between ON (the value is `true`) and OFF (the value is `false`) states.
```

> The Switch component allows users to switch between two states: ON (when the value is `true`) and OFF (when the value is `false`).

Reviewer 2: A minor thing - I don't think you need the word "when"

```suggestion
The Switch component allows users to switch between two states: ON (the value is `true`) and OFF (the value is `false`).
```

> This tutorial shows how to add Switch to a page and configure its core features. As a result, you will create the following UI component:

Reviewer 2: Something sounds wrong to me in the combination of "as a result" and "you will create". One indicates completion, another talks about something in future.  

```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to add Switch to a page and configure its core features. The following sample shows the customization result:
```
